README.md, before:

# UwU API

This is a simple Express.js server that provides an API for "UwUifying" your text messages.

## How to use

The API has two endpoints:

1. `/`: This is the root endpoint. When you make a GET request to this endpoint, it will return a JSON object with instructions on how to use the `/uwu` endpoint.

2. `/uwu`: This is the endpoint that does the UwUifying. 
   It accepts a GET request with a query parameter named `message`. The value of this parameter should be the text you want to UwUify.

Here's an example of how to use the `/uwu` endpoint:

```
GET /uwu?message=Hello, world!
```

The server will respond with a JSON object that contains your UwUified message.

## Running the server

To run the server, you need to have Node.js installed on your machine. 
Once you have Node.js installed, you can start the server by running the following command in your terminal:

```sh
node server_uwu.js
```

The server will start running on port 3000. 
You can then access the API by making requests to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Dependencies

This project depends on the `express` package. You can install it by running `npm install` in your terminal.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. You can read the full license in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

chore: Update readme framework to Hono

README.md, after:

# UwU API

This is a simple Hono server that provides an API for "UwUifying" your text messages.

## How to use

The API has two endpoints:

1. `/`: This is the root endpoint. When you make a GET request to this endpoint, it will return a JSON object with instructions on how to use the `/uwu` endpoint.

2. `/uwu`: This is the endpoint that does the UwUifying.
   It accepts a GET request with a query parameter named `message`. The value of this parameter should be the text you want to UwUify.

Here's an example of how to use the `/uwu` endpoint:

```
GET /uwu?message=Hello, world!
```

The server will respond with a JSON object that contains your UwUified message.

## Running the server

To run the server, you need to have Bun installed (`npm i -g bun`) on your machine.
Once you have Bun installed, you can start the server by running the following command in your terminal:

```sh
bun start
```

The server will start running on port 3000.
You can then access the API by making requests to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Dependencies

This project depends on the `hono` package. You can install it by running `bun i` in your terminal.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. You can read the full license in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
